[Music]
all right so if you're watching this
when I'm publishing it then that means
that I am in Australia right now
competing for a world championship the
world Ultimate Frisbee championships
where I'll be playing for Team USA mix
now this is different from the beach
World Championships where I also play
with USA mix and we got bronze and it's
also different from the club World
ultimate championships which uh we got
gold with Pony in 2021 but ultimate is
confusing but basically the story is
every few years there's a world
championships and USA invites a bunch
like 200 people to a try out and then
selects like 25 people per team to
represent USA in the world championships
that year there's a men's team a women's
team and a mixed team and I've been
trying out for or trying to play for
these teams basically for my entire
ultimate career that's been like the
thing that I look up to so I remember
right out of high school Jun Junior
worlds u20s I applied got a try out
didn't make the team uh a little after
that u23s I applied also got a tryy out
didn't make that team and then I've been
trying not even getting invited to
tryouts for the you know the past couple
World Championships then 2023 comes
along I end up getting on the beach
worlds team and then 2024 for the grass
team I got a try out and I actually made
the team so Team USA mixed that's that's
where we're at so I tweeted about this
earlier this year that this will be a a
bit of a busy year for ultimate for me
just between the pro teams and the club
team and the USA training camps and then
the actual tournament itself so kind of
already knowing I'm probably going to
end up actually missing a few Tech
things but that I'm totally fine with
that but so yeah by the time you see
this I am I'm heading down or I'm in
Australia or something I'm going to edit
this on the plane but um that's a weekl
long tournament where we'll be competing
internationally against all the the best
teams from all over the world which is
super exciting it's an honor it's a
thrill it should be really cool there is
a site called ulti world that will be
covering the tournament maybe live
streaming a few of the games but behind
a pay wall probably but I'll also try to
post some stuff that I can on Twitter
when it's available just so you guys can
be updated with what's going on but yeah
that's uh I do know so our first few
games we know already are against
Switzerland Austria Argentina and Japan
but that's also an extremely long flight
so I'm gonna edit this on the on the
flight and hopefully that keeps me busy
for some of the hours but I haven't done
one of these in a while a Q&A I asked
you guys on Twitter what you wanted to
know about gadgets Tech YouTube ultimate
whatever life anything and these are
your best questions by the way some of
you asked me last time what this mic is
this is a teenage engineering cm15 I
have loved this mic for the past couple
years I need a better stand for it so
I'm handholding it but anyway okay first
question what do you think of about
Cristiano Ronaldo joining YouTube and
his meteoric rise 20 million subscribers
in a little over 24 hours is crazy yeah
that is pretty insane and it's continued
I think it's like 30 something million
plus
now yeah that's that's sick and and I
think that's just a testament to where
YouTube is at not a lot of people who
are that famous are not on YouTube and
also YouTube I don't think people
realize Ronaldo's like one of the most
follow humans on social media it's got
like 600 million on Instagram so 30
million is like a rounding error to this
guy but also yeah people are saying he
might he's passing Mr Beast soon or
something like that I would pump the
brakes on that I just want to see what
he actually does on YouTube because
there's a bunch of videos out now he's
not running it there's somebody running
it for him but how long do they keep it
up what types of videos do they actually
make do they like lean into the YouTube
culture do they collab with anyone at
all or do they just like make highlight
reels of his of his day or whatever it
is I don't know I
Mr Beast is at like 300 million so
that's a long way from 30 million but uh
we'll see how the trajectory goes based
on what they actually post uh what app
is number one in your screen
time probably weighs honestly with all
the recent road trips and stuff um
or it may it's also probably tick tick I
just just to-do list apps I'm just
always in there oh this is a good one
this is a good one what's a piece of
technology that you you have that isn't
worth making a video about but you now
couldn't live without that is a
really that is a good question my real
answer is probably my calendar app just
cuz like I'm not going to make a video
just all about my calendar and how I
maybe I should I don't know but that's
something I could not live without um
but it's it's accessory stuff like my
mouse like that I've made an MX Master
Video maybe I do make videos on these
things my uh my studio monitors at the
studio I have the Yamaha hs8s I've never
made video about those but I've had them
for years and years and years and they
are so tried and true so I'm going to
I'm going with that cuz they are some my
favorite equipment I know you probably
wanted like an everyday Gadget but
Yamaha hs8s are the truth M okay how
long before we get to know if the Vision
Pro Apple Vision Pro was a success or a
failure and they haven't launched the
second one yet of course it has been
fascinating to watch like the Arc of the
Vision Pro I also tweeted recently
because I'm curious if people who have
Vision Pro still use it every day I know
I don't I started using it a lot in the
beginning and then my usage just fell
off a cliff and there's new experiences
for it and there's new apps but I think
everyone's usage for Vision Pro was very
high in the beginning and now has like
stabilized to some level but is Vision
Pro a success or not I mean that a lot
of people are saying no because it
hasn't sold well and it's it's
$3,500 of course it hasn't sold well
that's not really a shock I am mostly
curious though about the second
generation part what the second
generation is is the thing that teaches
you the most about how that company
feels about that product about how it's
hitting the market about what actually
worked with the first gen and I suspect
that Apple's next version of The Vision
Pro is not pro it's just Vision I mean
they they put the word Pro on the end
because this is the high-end one but
there will be a apple Vision or whatever
so vision air whatever they call it but
a lower PRC version
that will aim to be a stripped down more
mass produced version for more people
that one's going to be the most
interesting one obviously Vision Pro is
exciting and at the bleeding edge but
what comes after Vision Pro that's
that's what I'm interested in oh someone
said what is the oldest phone you think
you could use as a daily driver
today whoa okay to honestly because
there's some old there's some throwback
phones that I really like so my mind is
going to the last few I'm looking I'm
thinking about OnePlus 7 Pro that phone
was super smooth super like very usable
for a long time when did that come out
the OnePlus 7 Pro was unveiled on May
14th 2019 okay so a 2019 phone that's I
guess that's five five years ago is kind
of a long time in Tech terms but the
other one I think is the pixel
3 XL you know the bathtub Notch the big
big bathtub notch pixel that one might
be the same year oh 2018 okay October
9th
2018 6-year-old phone pixel 3 XL still
has a good camera still has that clean
software I don't know about getting all
the software updates at this point but
that those are like some of the oldest
phones I think I could legitimately
stale daily today what is the best
Ultimate Frisbee move you have ever
witnessed wow okay I've seen a lot in
person I've had the of playing with some
alltime athletes and players you know if
you look up Ultimate Frisbee highlights
on YouTube it's crazy because there this
is a it's still a young Sport and
there's not a lot of great footage of
lots of games that get played and so
crazy highlights and athletic plays
happen all the time but they aren't
really filmed very well when they are
they immediately make like ESPN top 10
and they're like some some of the
sickest highlights to watch but um I got
to think of so there's actually two
throwing highlights that come to mind
just as someone who's trying to become a
better thrower one is my teammate
Jimmy's throw in semis in 2022 at
Nationals this crazy upwind flick hook
that was just it was just ridiculous it
needs so much strength and then also
Harper my other teammate he's also
playing on this worlds team by the way
uh had this sick sick Hammer from the
sideline in the finals of the pro league
in I want to say that was 2021 maybe but
against Dallas and that was one of I was
right on the sideline next to it and
I've never seen it throw like that in my
life oh possibly my favorite game though
uh I've played in a lot of fun games
comebacks though always the most fun to
play in and there was I really hope my
teammates remember this when when we
were in high school we played against a
ycc team so a like a high level youth
team youth Nationals team on our home
field in front of of our parents and we
went down 80 at halftime and then we
came back and won the game 1514 it was
one of it was probably the most fun I've
ever had on a field uh and on a sideline
like cheering on teammates like that
type of game that's very rare I will
never forget that how much do you use
Chachi PT or similar in your daily life
do you use AI as well to check correct
or edit content and how much AI is use
in in content Creation in general what's
your feeling about it I've been asked a
lot about this AI stuff uh a lot lately
like how much do I use AI tools how much
how do I feel about them obviously
there's a lot of controversy with them
being trained on our content um it's
it's actually pretty minimal for me so I
use it occasionally for brainstorming
and for expanding on or rewriting ideas
uh I in obviously not these Q&A videos
but I I do write out basically almost
everything in the actual reviews and the
the topical videos that I make and so
sometimes it's useful to use gemini or
chat GPT to like twist an an idea or to
come up with something and brainstorm so
that's one thing I don't use AI to edit
almost anything we don't use AI
generated music we don't use AI
generated images or anything that's kind
of just like a fun tool to play with
when are you releasing your next sneaker
um all I'm going to
say is teber is going to be pretty sick
I'll put it that way we already know
teber is usually very busy and it will
be busy again but it's we got some extra
stuff planned for tember and Beyond so I
just I if you haven't subscribed already
get subscribed there's so much good
stuff coming up oh how how did it feel
to have Steph Curry respond to you oh
you didn't know Steph and I are like
we're super tight like we're yeah we're
super close like that that one time that
I met him that we shot a commercial
together that yeah we've been yeah Bros
ever since then obviously no I think
it's hilarious I tweeted at him I
tweeted mentioning him during I didn't
even mention him I just said Steph Curry
is my goat during the Olympics when he
was going on that Barrage at the end of
the finals game against France and then
I guess he logged into Twitter this week
and decided to reply to one comment and
it was mine hey talk that talk Steph
okay Quinn asks what percentage of your
driving time is spent in each of your
cars valid question I do review a bunch
of cars I spend time with those but when
I'm not there are three vehicles in the
fleet and I'm probably going to get rid
of one of them soon but I spend 90
something per of the time dailying the
Turbo S I have 12,000 miles on it at
this point in a couple of months and
it's everything I was hoping it would be
I got to say it is pretty incredible
then the last few per are spent in the
rivan r1t so the Cyber Tru don't really
use very much and there's also that
clause in the sales uh that or the the
purchase agreement that you can't sell
it within a year so we just kind of have
it uh maybe we'll still try to sell it I
don't know maybe we'll attemp I mean
it's good for work we've used it for
work a bunch of times shooting rollers
uh going to shoot that PGA tour video
like it fits the most gear it's the
biggest truck it's the most stuff great
for road trips with the team but yeah
it's like 95% dailying the Turbo S 4%
r1t 1% cybertruck at this moment okay do
you think Tim Cook actually believes the
magic Mouse's ergonomics are done
well no I do not think he believes that
you if you're if you are unfamiliar I
did ask him about it in my interview
with him recently and when I ask him
about the Magic Mouse you can see it in
his eyes genuinely that is the first
time anyone has even mentioned a magic
mouse to him in years and I actually
honestly now I'm saying this out loud
this is one of the things that I think
most people
don't understand about like these types
of interviews like the small time
example is Tim Cook obviously does not
deal on the daily with the specific
ergonomics of the Magic Mouse I mean
almost nobody does at Apple but
definitely not Tim Cook Tim Cook is the
CEO which means his job description is
the highest level stuff it's the
strategy it's the it's the business it's
if you're if you're Tim it's the supply
chain stuff
that's what Tim Cook makes daily
decisions on and so when I'm
interviewing someone like this it feels
like that would be the thing to talk to
them about but also that's like some of
the less exciting stuff I want to get
into nitty-gritty about tech so the the
thing I guess the point I'm trying to
make is the talking teex
series it started as I want to do
interviews and talk to people with
interesting perspectives on technology
at all and the first episode was a
virtual interview with a a tech person
but then it was also Kobe Bryant mixed
in with Neil degrass Tyson mixed in with
Will Smith like there's a a wide variety
of people who have interesting thoughts
on Tech but it turns out when you do one
or two other Tech executive interviews
all the rest of the tech executive PR
teams also reach out and want to do an
interview and then we just kind of fell
down that slippery slope of like we just
did all the tech CEOs and most of them
are let's be honest they're they're
media trained PR machines so I want to
talk to more product people I want to
talk to more like people who are in the
nitty-gritty of actual product stuff and
also who are not even in the tech world
just for their perspectives on Tech like
I saw you're probably wondering I saw
the Lewis Rossman video and while I I
think he has a lot of good points and is
totally valid to feel like you know oh
talking to someone at Apple is is just
Shilling uh I guess you guys don't know
I cut like 90% of the actual interview
and things that I talked to him about I
talked to the the head of hardware at
Apple hoping to get even more
nitty-gritty with Hardware but still got
a lot of like fluff and cut almost all
that stuff I kept like the 10% that I
felt was actually compelling and
interesting about you know Hardware
being designed for longevity versus
repairability but people didn't love
that either but either way yeah I'm I'm
I'm hoping to talk to more people who
are actually doing the stuff on the
ground and who are are heav involved in
the product stuff so long story short I
feel like I'm probably done with tech
CEO interviews we've also kind of done
them all at this point it's it's not
like people are clamoring for the next
one so I'm I'm interested if you guys
have suggestions on what people should
be next on the list for talking Tech who
should we actually add and have a chat
with oh this is a good a good one maybe
to end with so YouTube is the crown
jewel of video platforms right now I
would agree why is that will a different
platform disrupt it in the next 10 years
and if so why would that
happen uh and the short answer is
stability and money like people for for
the entire history of time they go where
the money is so YouTube has been the
most stable platform for Discovery and
for monetization for the longest time
and that is why they are the crown jewel
of YouTube That's why Instagram is like
spinning its tires and trying to find
way way to compensate creators to get
them to stay and be discovered that's
why Tik Tok number one is trying to
compete with YouTube they just enabled
like super long videos but also if they
don't pay people that's why you see Tik
tokers getting huge on Tik Tok and then
moving over to YouTube that's why you
see Cristiano Ronaldo starting a YouTube
channel it's just the place that you can
be discovered and make money now will it
ever be disrupted in the next 10 years
because at this point it's like also now
the world's video library
it is it feels huge like too big to fail
and it all it kind of seems like it it
can't fail like the the one thing that
could take down YouTube would be what an
adpocalypse right some event some
horrible series of things that ruins
Advertiser trust in being able to
advertise on YouTube and for creators to
make money a literal
adpocalypse that drives advertisers away
and that happened and then months slash
years later slowly they all came
crawling back cuz guess where the
eyeballs are
oh they're on YouTube so yeah I always
say YouTube is so big that if if it ever
were to fail it would be such a slow
catastrophic played out failure that
we'd have time to see the sinking ship
and and jump to the next ship if there
is one that's doing a better job but
yeah they've been the most stable for a
while and I don't mind that one bit but
yeah I think that's it that's a good
place to end it there's some good
questions in there let me know if you
have other questions I'll hang out in
the comment section below of course I'm
probably not going to for the first week
cuz like I said I'm in Australia right
now I'm in the upside down hopefully
winning some Hardware but yeah taking a
little break while I do that I'll see
you on the other side thanks for
watching thanks for listening and
subscribing and I'll catch you guys soon
peace